# Day 49
__2/25/20__

## Write a review and reflection of your experiences in this course, as this is the last lecture before your final project, what are your concerns, how do you plan to manage your time, what have you enjoyed most about the course up to this point.
I've loved every minute of this course, the good, bad, and ugly. I don't like to say things like this about myself but I've always been the type of person to study something and just understand it. However, taking this course was the first time in my life where I actually asked myself, "Is this too difficult for me to learn?" If it weren't for the instructors, and I mean this in no brown-nosing type-of-way, I don't think I would have gotten this far in the course. The atmosphere of the environment is absolutley, hands-down, the best I've ever experienced. I went to college for 5 years and this was, with no doubt in my mind, the best place to learn. I wish the course was longer and that's the only real negative I can think of.
My only concerns for myself are will I be able to pass a technical interview. It's a major insecurity of mine that I struggle with whiteboard challenges still. From the first checkpoint to this last one, I have felt fine coding. Sure, there were some bumps in the road, but come checkpoint time, I'm usually good to go (for the most part). But whiteboards are like a different animal and I can't put my finger on why. 
I think what I've enjoyed most are the people and the struggles. If it weren't for the struggles, the successes would mean nothing. Also, I've really enjoyed getting to know everyone, classmates and instructors alike. I really liked when the new class came in too, and being able to meet them and help them whenever I had a break from an afternoon challenge. I think you all are really great people and what you are doing with the school is amazing. I'll continue to tell people about how highly I think of this place and push them to signup because it really is worth it.

## Afternoon Challenge
https://github.com/JustinCarpenter2020/cTaskMaster